Allows to display the entire Vault content (#37)
kuzzleio/kourou: README.md

OPTIONS
  --vault-key=vault-key  Kuzzle Vault Key (or KUZZLE_VAULT_KEY)

DESCRIPTION
  Adds an encrypted key to an encrypted secrets file.

>   If the secrets file does not exists, it will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A new secrets file is created if it does not yet exist.
```

  Encrypted secrets are meant to be loaded inside an application with Kuzzle Vault.

>   See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more informations.

Reviewer: ("information" is uncountable)

```suggestion
  See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more information.
```

  -o, --output-file=output-file  Output file (default: remove ".enc")
  --vault-key=vault-key          Kuzzle Vault Key (or KUZZLE_VAULT_KEY)

DESCRIPTION
  Decrypts an entire secrets file.

  Decrypted secrets file must NEVER be committed into the repository.

>   See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more informations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more information.
```

  -o, --output-file=output-file  Output file (default: <file>.enc.json)
  --vault-key=vault-key          Kuzzle Vault Key (or KUZZLE_VAULT_KEY)

DESCRIPTION
  Encrypts an entire secrets file.

>   The secrets file must be in JSON format and contains only string or objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The secrets file must be in JSON format and it must contain only strings or objects.
```

  Example:
  {
     aws: {
       s3: {
         keyId: 'b61e267676660c314b006b06'
       }
     }
  }

  Encrypted secrets are meant to be loaded inside an application with Kuzzle Vault.

>   See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more information.
```

EXAMPLES
  kourou vault:encrypt config/secrets.json --vault-key <vault-key>
  kourou vault:encrypt config/secrets.json -o config/secrets_prod.enc.json --vault-key <vault-key>
```

_See code: [src/commands/vault/encrypt.ts](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kourou/blob/v0.11.0/src/commands/vault/encrypt.ts)_

## `kourou vault:show SECRETS-FILE [KEY]`

Prints an encrypted secrets file content.

```
USAGE
  $ kourou vault:show SECRETS-FILE [KEY]

ARGUMENTS
  SECRETS-FILE  Encrypted secrets file
  KEY           Path to a key (lodash style)

OPTIONS
  --vault-key=vault-key  Kuzzle Vault Key (or KUZZLE_VAULT_KEY)

DESCRIPTION
  Prints an encrypted secrets file content.

  This method can display either:
    - the entire content of the secrets file
    - a single key value

>   See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more informations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more information.
```

OPTIONS
  --vault-key=vault-key  Kuzzle Vault Key (or KUZZLE_VAULT_KEY)

DESCRIPTION
  Tests if an encrypted secrets file can be decrypted.

>   See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more informations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-vault/ for more information.
```
